Use GitHub CLI instead of imjohnbo/issue-bot in "Scheduling issue creation" page (#29770)
github/docs: content/actions/managing-issues-and-pull-requests/scheduling-issue-creation.md

## Introduction

> This tutorial demonstrates how to use the [GitHub CLI](https://cli.github.com/) to create an issue on a regular basis. For example, you can create an issue each week to use as the agenda for a team meeting.

Reviewer: nit to avoid in-line links for the style guide and to use a variable name

```suggestion
This tutorial demonstrates how to use the {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} to create an issue on a regular basis. For example, you can create an issue each week to use as the agenda for a team meeting. For more information about {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %}, see "[AUTOTITLE](/actions/using-workflows/using-github-cli-in-workflows)."
```

> In the tutorial, you will first make a workflow file that uses the [GitHub CLI](https://cli.github.com/). Then, you will customize the workflow to suit your needs.

Reviewer: Same here. I think we can remove the link altogether
```suggestion
In the tutorial, you will first make a workflow file that uses the {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %}. Then, you will customize the workflow to suit your needs.
```

          issues: write
        steps:
          - name: Create team sync issue
            run: |
              new_issue_url=$(gh issue create \
                --repo "$REPO" \
                --title "$TITLE" \
                --assignee "$ASSIGNEES" \
                --label "$LABELS" \
                --body "$BODY")
              if [[ $PINNED == true ]]; then
                gh issue pin "$new_issue_url" --repo "$REPO"
              fi
              if [[ $CLOSE_PREVIOUS == true ]]; then
                previous_issue_number=$(gh issue list \
                  --repo "$REPO" \
                  --label "$LABELS" \
                  --json number \

>                   --jq .[1].number)

Reviewer: It looks like this gives an error if quotes are missing. I think we should also use `0` instead of `1` to get the first item from the list.

```suggestion
                  --jq '.[0].number')
```

                gh issue close "$previous_issue_number" --repo "$REPO"
              fi
            env:

>               GH_TOKEN: {% raw %}${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}{% endraw %}

Reviewer: minor change for consistency with the other docs
```suggestion
              GITHUB_TOKEN: {% raw %}${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}{% endraw %}
```

   - If you want to close the previous issue generated by this workflow each time a new issue is created, set `CLOSE_PREVIOUS` to `true`. The workflow will close the most recent issue that has the labels defined in the `labels` field. To avoid closing the wrong issue, use a unique label or combination of labels.
1. {% data reusables.actions.commit-workflow %}

## Expected results

Based on the `schedule` parameter (for example, every Monday at 7:20 UTC), your workflow will create a new issue with the assignees, labels, title, and body that you specified. If you set `PINNED` to `true`, the workflow will pin the issue to your repository. If you set `CLOSE_PREVIOUS` to true, the workflow will close the most recent issue with matching labels.

{% data reusables.actions.schedule-delay %}

You can view the history of your workflow runs to see this workflow run periodically. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/actions/monitoring-and-troubleshooting-workflows/viewing-workflow-run-history)."

## Next steps

> - To learn more about additional things you can do with the GitHub CLI, like using an issue template, see the [`gh issue create` documentation](https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_issue_create).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To learn more about additional things you can do with the {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %}, like using an issue template, see the [`gh issue create` documentation](https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_issue_create).
```

> - [Search GitHub](https://github.com/marketplace?category=&type=actions&verification=&query=schedule+issue) for GitHub actions that are tailored to your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Search {% data variables.product.prodname_marketplace %}](https://github.com/marketplace?category=&type=actions&verification=&query=schedule+issue) for actions related to scheduled issues.
```
